.\"
.\" cingb - Gameboy emulator manual page
.\"
.Dd October 25, 2002
.Dt CINGB 6
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm cingb
.Nd A Gameboy(tm) emulator.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl dnoh
.Op Fl f Ar sound-frequency
.Op Fl c Ar server
.Op Fl a Ar action-replay-code
.Ar ROM-image
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a free Gameboy(tm) emulator for several operating systems.
.Sh OPTIONS
The following command line arguments are supported:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar ROM-image
A file containing a Gameboy(tm) game.
.It Fl d
Double-size display mode.
.It Fl n
Switch off the sound.
.It Fl o
Use old black&white Gameboy mode. Some games might
run with fewer problems, if using this switch.
.It Fl h
Start in server mode. You can use this, if you want to
use the Dialog-Link emulation. Look also at
.Fl c
how to connect to a Gameboy emulator in server mode.
.It Fl f Ar sound-frequency
Change the sound frequency to the specified value
(8000-44100).
.It Fl c Ar server
Use Dialog-Link emulation to connect to one other
.Nm
on host
.Ar server
which was run using the
.Fl h
switch.
.It Fl a Ar action-replay-code
Alter the memory with the given
.Ar action-replay-code.
This is only experimental. I haven't really found out the
system how these codes are mapped to the cartridge memory.
.Sh AUTHOR
.An nakal
.Sh BUGS
You should be always careful what you are running, of course.
.Nm
has
.Bf -emphasis
not
.Ef
been built to be secure.
You can always complain about incompatibilities
on my project site
.Bf -emphasis
http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/cingb.
.Ef

